Sabu
Sabu is an alien from the planet Jupiter, always faithful to Chacha and provides the physical strength in time of need. He is huge and incredibly strong, standing at about 15 feet tall.[7] Though his size has been highly inconsistent throughout the comic series. In some comics he is able to increase his size. In certain other stories he also comes out only when Chacha Chaudhary rubs a lamp (much like Aladdin). He wears only a wrestler's kachha (briefs), a pair of ear-rings and a pair of gum-boots. But in some comics, Sabu was shown wearing slim fit green trousers.

Sabu decided to stay on Earth with Chacha when he tasted delicious paratha and halwa made by Chachi during his visit to earth. Both Chacha and Chachi treat Sabu like their own son and in certain stories Chachi is shown to have more affection for Sabu than even Chacha Chaudhary. Sabu has a twin brother called Dabu and the giant earrings that Sabu wears were gifted to him by his mother when he left Jupiter. According to the comics, whenever Sabu gets angry, a volcano erupts at some distant place (this is stated in a panel with a picture of a volcano erupting, which says, "When Sabu is Angry, a Volcano Erupts at some distant place in Jupiter"). Whenever he performs an act of great strength, he utters the cry, "Hu-Huba!". Sometimes he has been found to utter "Jai Bajrang Bali" which roughly translates to "Hail Hanuman" (a popular Hindu God). It is revealed in some comics that and Sabu eats 202 chapatis, 14 kilos of halwa, 22 kilos of rice / pulao, 7 kilos of vegetable preparations, 10 kilos curry, and about 18 litres of lassi (the favourite part of his meal) in one meal. He often finishes the meal with a basketful of fruit. He is often served lassi, tea, juice or some other non-alcoholic drink in a large bucket or pot. He is not married, and avoids the topic.

Unlike Chacha, Sabu does not have much wisdom, intelligence or wits and mainly relies on his physical strength. However, he has quick reflexes and has often saved the life of Chacha with his immense power and lightning-fast reflexes, often acting at the last moment when any goon tries to kill Chacha. In certain stories, Sabu is also shown to be wise, but not like Chacha Chaudhary (like the one where he finds out about an escaped prisoner or the one where he throws his huge umbrella to save people from drowning).

Sabu's biggest enemy is Raka, who is of the same size as that of Sabu, and is immortal, thanks to a special Ayurvedic medicine he accidentally consumed. Raka and Sabu are both strong but Sabu always wins in their fights. Since Sabu can't kill Raka, he always leaves him at a place where he cannot bother humanity. However, somehow Raka manages to escape and wreak havoc upon return. This has resulted in a series of comics on Raka, which have been very popular and well received.

Bini Chachi
Chacha Chaudhary's wife Bini is a dominating lady who is the boss of the house and occasionally battles the thieves with her belan (rolling pin). She is usually dressed in polka dotted sari and has a hair style matching 1970s style of Indian actresses. Although very kind hearted with all the attributes of a strict but caring wife, she often complains Chacha of not buying her gold bangles, not taking her out, and the fact that she has to cook a lot for Sabu although she serves as a motherly figure for Sabu. In one comic she is shown with stirring a giant pot with a ladle for Sabu and serving him more affectionately than Chachaji.

In one of the comics Bini's history was revealed about how she used to be in her the past. She was actually an actress who decided to marry Chacha Chaudhary who saved her life from goons who were threatening her to give them all her jewellery or otherwise they would kill her.

Chhajju Chaudhary
A secret that many of the characters in the comics do not know is that Chacha Chaudhary has a twin brother named Chhajju Chaudhary, who is mentally not as gifted as Chacha Chaudhary. In many stories he proves to be the secret weapon to dodge the corrupts and goons. He was once taken to Mars by aliens mistaking him as Chacha Chaudhary.

Rocket (Raket)
Rocket is Chacha Chaudhary's pet dog. He was found as a stray dog and was adopted by Chacha, much to the dismay of his wife, who said that raising Sabu itself was a handful for her. Though she later accepted the dog when it attacked the burglars in the house. He is rather well known as Raket. The only characteristic of this dog is defined in the line "Chacha Chaudhary ka kutta ssurrlup ssurrlup doodh peeta hai" (Chacha Chaudhary's dog drinks milk) & the fact that he is the only vegetarian dog in the whole world. The dog has proven himself at occasions, attacking his foes on command.

Tingu Master
Tingu Master is a tiny man (probably a midget) who is often seen in comics along with Chacha Chaudhary and Sabu. He usually is shown to be a very unlucky person, falling into problems and danger which are either aimed at Chacha Chaudhary or are purely situational. However, at certain points he has come to the forefront to actually save Chacha Chaudhary from a potential death or defeat. Like Sabu, he is shown to be loyal, albeit he is not as significant a character as the former. Many times, the comic situations in the stories have revolved around Tingu Master being very tiny, which makes others fail to notice him and accidentally perform actions like dumping him away with garbage.

Dag Dag
Dag Dag is actually Chacha Chaudhary's truck which he drives, albeit with a twist: It is revealed that Dag Dag is actually half machine and half human. Many times when thieves have tried to run away stealing Dag Dag, it has not started. Also, if Chacha Chaudhary is in trouble and as soon as he whistles, Dag Dag comes at full speed and crashes with the one who is troubling Chacha.