Gobar Singh and Dhamaka Singh
Main enemies of Chacha Chaudhary are Gobar Singh and Dhamaka Singh. They are robbers always punished by Chacha Chaudhary. Sometimes they try to harm Chacha Chaudhary but end up harming themselves. Dhamaka Singh often brings his other stooges to attack Chacha and Sabu but his plans always backfire. Two of Dhamaka Singh's recurring accomplices are Paleeta and Ruldu.

Raaka
A significant enemy of both Chacha and Sabu is Raaka. Raaka was once a dacoit who was chased by cops. Trying to evade the cops, he hid in a building and a gunfight ensued. When out of ammunition, he tried to commit suicide by drinking poison he found in the house he was hiding in. Unknown to him, the house belonged to a great knowledgeable sage called Chakramacharya, who had developed a potion of immortality. Fearing it would be misused, he had labeled the potion as "Poison". Raaka mistakenly eats the immortality potion believing it to be poison and kills Chakramacharya who tries to stop him from doing so. Once he notices he has become immortal, his mischiefs increase and he no longer remains a mere dacoit. There's a series of comics on Raaka and his fights with Sabu, which Sabu manages to win with the wisdom of Chacha helping him. Since Sabu cannot kill Raaka, Chacha always advises him to dump Raaka somewhere where he cannot harm humans. The places comprise space, deep inside ocean, frozen on the North pole, etc. However, Raaka somehow manages to escape and that's what subsequent comics narrate. Chacha Chaudhary and Sabu have once forced Raaka to shave off his mustache as a result of some competition which was won by Chacha. Chacha's comic with Raaka, Raaka ki Waapsi (The Return of Raaka) is one of the best selling comics of Pran's Features[citation needed]. Raaka was put to sleep by some potion given by a saint from the Himalayas (who happened to be the Guru of Chakramacharya) and buried in the ocean on the first encounter. On his return by another potion he was reduced to a small size, closed in a bottle and buried in a grave. But this was not the end. He returned several times again to wreak havoc in the city. Finally Chacha Chaudhary and Sabu buried him in an endless hole somewhere near a rocket launch site. But for the last time (Comic- Raaka ki Akhiri Jung) he was thrown in a whirlpool in an ocean. In the latest comic (Raaka's terror) Raaka returns back but this time from space, instead of whirlpool (ideally the writer should had shown his escape from whirlpool). He was defeated again by chacha chaudhary and sabu and thrown in an acid tank where his body get dissolved in acid and he is converted into liquid state. This liquid state has been stored securely to prevent any escape route for Raaka.

Adaptations
Live action television series
Chacha Chaudhary
Based on	
Chacha Chaudhary
by
Pran Kumar Sharma
Written by	M. Salim
Directed by	
Jayant Gilatar
Mohit Jha
Country of origin	India
Original language	Hindi
No. of seasons	2
No. of episodes	415
Production
Producers	
Ketan Mehta
Ashwin Verma
Camera setup	Multi-camera
Running time	~ 24 minutes
Production companies	
Maya Entertainment
Televista
Original release
Network	Sahara One
Release	13 May 2002
Related
Chacha Chaudhary (2019 TV series)
A television series Chacha Chaudhary was launched on 13 May 2002 on Sahara One.[8] The series stars known Indian television actor Raghubir Yadav as Chacha Chaudhary.[9][10]

Animated television series
Chacha Chaudhary
Based on	Chacha Chaudhary
by Pran Kumar Sharma
Written by	Sandiip Paatil
Aarsh Vora
Music by	Abhijeet Hegdepatil
Country of origin	India
Original languages	Hindi
Tamil
Telugu
No. of seasons	1
Production
Production company	Toonz Animation
Original release
Network	
Disney Channel India
Hungama TV
Release	10 June 2019
An animated series produced by Toonz Animation (based in Trivandrum) premiered on Hungama TV and on Disney Channel India on 10 June 2019.[11][12]

Films
In 2009, Pran's Features, the owner of characters Chacha Chaudhary, Sabu and Pinki tied up with License India, to bring them to silver screen as animation characters.[13]

